Add Marco's talk from Rust Munich 2 2023 (#2032)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2023-04-20-sending-emails-from-the-edge.md

---
title: "Sending Emails from the Edge with Rust"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2023-04-20-rust-munich-2-2023/sending-emails-from-the-edge-with-rust.jpg"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5fAWX5heWg
media: video
channel: rustmunich-2-2023
---

> It is possible to write Edge functions in Rust. Marco Otte-Witte explained how
> and discussed the role of WASM in the process in his talk at the Rust Munich
> Meetup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marco Otte-Witte explained how to run Rust code on edge functions in his talk at the Rust Munich
Meetup. He showed how Rust, compiled to WASM, running on Cloudflare Workers handles submissions of [Mainmatter's contact form](/contact).
```
